hey what's going on guys it's Sam
rickshaws and today I'm bringing guys
another blackops commentary this time
playing some team deathmatch with the
Mac 11 that's right the little plastic
toy gun as a lot of people are calling
it and I don't start out this game too
well have an unfortunate death but later
in this game able to pull things up and
end up with a pretty good score so
anyway today I wanted to talk to you
guys a little bit about the SMGs in call
do black ops and hopefully things will
get too heated in the comment sections
or in the comment section below but what
I want to talk about is some SMG balance
so listen I am NOT above admitting I
mean everybody's got their own opinion
on the AKM for you but I'm not above
admitting that it definitely is the best
it is the best SMG but what I'm not
above admitting or what I'm not sure not
sure is true is whether or not that
should be toned down or the other SMGs
should be toned up so whether that
should be nerfed or the other one should
be buffed
so today I wanted to talk to you guys a
little bit about that so most of the
submachine guns in this game such as the
Mac 11 have some serious weaknesses
whether you're talking about the
Scorpion Mac 11 kit Burris all guns that
have fair or have low clip sizes or if
you're talking about guns like the mp5k
with a decent amount of recoil more so
than the aks-74u stuff like that they
all have these weaknesses that make them
a little bit I guess below the ak-74 use
standard of playing so a lot of people
think that you know maybe you should
buff the smg's instead of you know
downgrading the aks-74u
so I want to ask you guys what you guys
think do you think the guns like the Mac
11 and all need to be changed or do you
need the a case them for you to be
changed in order to have a balanced game
so it's sort of about personal
preference it's sort about what you
think about the assault rifles and how
powerful they are if you want to know my
opinion I think that the things like the
mag 11 and the Scorpion II debuff not
the other way around just because of the
fact that the the assault rifles are
already extremely common and maybe the
SMGs being a little buffed would make
them all a little bit more
so I don't know if she's my thoughts so
anyway let's talk a little bit about the
mac-11 so like I just mentioned it's
only got a 20 round clip which is a
little bit unfortunate it's got a decent
rate of fire I'm not the best damage in
the world I think it's a 30 20 gun so
it's gonna be 4 volts up close or
something like that I don't know but it
is a fairly bad gun for this game I
threw on extended mags a lot of time
you'll see people use it actually not a
lot of the time you never see guns games
games with this gun but the games that I
have seen with this gun I've seen some
games with rapid fire and rapid fire on
the mac-11 basically is I mean that I
want to compare it to a shotgun because
it's like you kill people so fast with
it but you run out of bullets so fast
because of the fact that all you have
rapid fire are on and you only have 20
bullets in the clip and it has a fairly
high rate of fire to begin with so what
ends up happening usually is what'll are
what happens in gunfights is you'll
pretty much use all 20 bullets on just
killing one guy if you run into multiple
enemies you are screwed so when playing
domination a lot of times when I'm
rushing I'll only run into one guy at a
time if I were to play with a little bit
more defensively people would come to me
and I would run into more than one
player at a time but when you rush you
can usually take out one person really
quick and then reload really quick so I
found that rapid fire works really well
there but for team deathmatch
I need that extended mags or else I'm
just absolutely screwed in these close
quarters situations as far as perks go I
think that as scavenger is a must if
you're planning on getting more than 2
kills or 3 kills whatever with this gun
obviously being able to pick up more
ammo along the way is going to be really
beneficial
I used sleight of hand on this gun
because I want to get those reloads in
really fast and that is even more
important when using rapid fire on the
gun just obviously because you're going
you're going to need to reload and get
20 bullets back in your clip as soon as
possible and then third perk is really
up to you lately I've been experimenting
a little bit more my third perks going
with marathon a bit more than I used to
because I always have been the player
who likes to know ninja and dead silence
and stuff like that but lately I've been
straying from that trying out things
like hacker and marathon finding a bit
of success marathon pro is going to be a
bitch to get I'll have to get that later
sometime I'm not sure if I'm going to
continue procedure or not
that pretty much at every prestige
though and I always end up proceeding
anyway I was pretty sure I was gonna
stop at eighth and then last night I was
playing with Mazda Mazda and some other
guys Jericho talk so and I was just like
oh screw and I'm just gonna prestige and
I did it right there and and then I had
the unicorn for those wondering I'm
currently 9th prestige which with a
little over five days played having fun
just you know trying to recede really
fast and and the most fun is when as I
mentioned before I run into people with
more days played than me who call me in
no life and that is always awesome
because people always seem to assume
that if you're a hyper siege you have
way more gametime than them but not the
case so anyway guys files score of this
game is 32 kills and only 4 deaths using
the Mac 11 SMG so leave me a comment let
me know buff the other SMGs or nerf the
AKM for you i'll see you guys later hope
you enjoyed the video please give it a
like rating if you enjoyed it and that's
pretty much it
bye